[Maps] docs (#32130)
elastic/kibana: docs/maps/tile-layer.asciidoc

[[tile-layer]]
== Tile layer

Display image tiles served from a tile server.

[role="screenshot"]
image::maps/images/tile_layer.png[]

Tile layers can be created from the following sources

> *Custom Tile Map Service*:: Map tiles configured in kibana.yml.

Reviewer: possible to add link to `docs/setup/settings.asciidoc` page (?) and mention `map.tilemap.*` config

Author: <img width="760" alt="screen shot 2019-02-28 at 3 11 44 pm" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/373691/53602276-832fd400-3b6b-11e9-811f-5b91e3261e3e.png">

> *Tiles*:: Map tiles from Elastic Maps Service.

Reviewer: can you add link to ad-page? https://www.elastic.co/elastic-maps-service

[[tile-layer]]
== Tile layer

Display image tiles served from a tile server.

[role="screenshot"]
image::maps/images/tile_layer.png[]

> Tile layers can be created from the following sources

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can create a tile layer from the following data sources:
```
